TV is still the absolute greatest way to reach a wide audience there's no doubt about it effective cannot happen to the insides of our viewership data
to be able to find the correct audience
out of the masses that we reached we're looking really provide that improved
experience both for our a he's as well as for a client
but to help them grow their businesses and maintain competitive
advantage
specific group of clients that are using all these colors for local are more likely to stick with us by number one Advertiser pretty much every schedule we built for them was based on
a i l behind it is to find the audience
build a schedule which will then give the account exact more time on the
streets delivered more we owe them
do you need number of potential clients were you able to read
using audit intelligence for local
with a car dealership that we have locally and it was with their agency so I pulled the schedule using our lift
to all and I sent it to him and he was getting
twice the amount of his you know give me everything schedule
but actually paying REITs that will
clear is
what I like to call Quality Impressions
and that means that
it's backed by data that is at a large-scale this is a tremendously powerful
tool and it's just the first base
only going to continue to get better
NOTE lang en